Lockfile for doc generation (#323)
emdgroup/baybe: CHANGELOG.md

- `BasicKernel` and `CompositeKernel` base classes
- Activated `pre-commit.ci` with auto-update
- User guide for active learning

> - Documentation building now uses a lockfile to prevent secondary dependency changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documentation building now uses a lockfile to fix the exact environment
```

i think secodnary envs are part of that but we dont even have the exact primary ones without the lock right?

Author: Yeah, good point
